Docs - Add additional reference to `wagtail_update_image_renditions` command (#11787)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/advanced_topics/images/renditions.md

When using a queryset to render a list of images or objects with images, you can prefetch the renditions needed with a single additional query. For long lists of items, or where multiple renditions are used for each item, this can provide a significant boost to performance.

## Regenerating existing renditions

> You can also directly use the image management command from the console for regenerating the renditions:

Reviewer: How about:

```suggestion
You can also directly use the image management command from the console to regenerate the renditions:
```
? LGTM otherwise. Thank you @lb-

Author: Good call.
